Docs move keyless info to overview (#156)
sigstore/docs: content/en/cosign/verify.md

AcxvLtLEgRjRI4TKnMAXtIGp8K4X4CTWPEXMqSYZZUa2I1YvHyLLY2bEzA==
-----END PUBLIC KEY-----
```
## Custom Components

For configuring Cosign to work with custom components, checkout the [Configuring Cosign with Custom Components](https://docs.sigstore.dev/cosign/custom_components/) docs to find out how to achieve this.

### Custom Root Cert

> You can override the public good instance CA using the environment variable `SIGSTORE_ROOT_FILE`, e.g.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can override the public good instance CA using the environment variable `SIGSTORE_ROOT_FILE` by running the following.
```

AcxvLtLEgRjRI4TKnMAXtIGp8K4X4CTWPEXMqSYZZUa2I1YvHyLLY2bEzA==
-----END PUBLIC KEY-----
```
## Custom Components

For configuring Cosign to work with custom components, checkout the [Configuring Cosign with Custom Components](https://docs.sigstore.dev/cosign/custom_components/) docs to find out how to achieve this.

### Custom Root Cert

You can override the public good instance CA using the environment variable `SIGSTORE_ROOT_FILE`, e.g.

```
export SIGSTORE_ROOT_FILE="/home/jdoe/myrootCA.pem"
```

> ### SCM Integration

Reviewer 2: Let's move SCM Integration and Attestations back to the overview, as I think they're better as high level concepts in the intro

Author: moved back.
